[Music]
a time for us some day they'll be when
change at all by courage for leather
love that's we went along
[Music]
Oh
love
whoo cheers and applause we will endure
as we pass our
we stole
[Music]
someday
shining the hope for you
[Music]
about it you happy getting a good one
too good but our lovely lovely okay and
look beautiful from where ours they tell
you Bruno
each send shivers down my spine evening
your musicality it is superb if you are
the beautiful suede beautiful lil great
storytelling
it can only what what a nice okay all
right you get shivers at venues fine
absolutely you don't get them anywhere
else right okay have must be catchy
goosebumps again the last time you
danced the waltz
you've really tied it up your footwork
so I'm really pleased to see that you've
been working hard on that and I found it
flawless
[Applause]
chick-fil-a Alicia absolutely amazing
home to remember is Alicia who has been
so consistently good came into this
competition with no dance training no
and she's just heaven from absolutely
scratch you're absolutely right good
point Leigh are you having a chat to
fill the boot gone away you go alright
so they've all said all the good things
you pick your feet up on the pivots
which is not a good thing
Oh on the double reverse spin you had
something going on there with you heel
turns that was a little bit cranky but
as I said you're the most elegant of
dancers but it wasn't flawless Oh
[Music]
[Applause]
creig Revel Horwood
it's spine-tingling tan now that's a
great start
you got you ten from Prague when the
final just when it counts suddenly she
loves you Craig